Project 1: 
Housing Affordability 
With the Real Estate market crash, is the market picking up at the same rate as before or is it being cautious. Housing Affordabilty factor
impact on the market bubble. To statiscally analyse the data to see if/when we are going to have another such market crash.

Dataset to be be used- Housing Affordability Data system(csv and excel fles), Location Affordability index from data.gov 


Project 2:Allstate Purchase Prediction Challenge- Kaggle

As a customer shops an insurance policy, he/she will receive a number of quotes with different coverage options before purchasing a plan. 
This is represented in this challenge as a series of rows that include a customer ID, information about the customer, information about 
the quoted policy, and the cost. Your task is to predict the purchased coverage options using a limited subset of the total interaction 
history. If the eventual purchase can be predicted sooner in the shopping window,the quoting process is shortened and the issuer is less 
likely to lose the customer's business.
For each customer_ID in the test set, you must predict the seven coverage options they end up purchasing.

Dataset to be used is in csv format. The training and test sets contain transaction history for customers that ended up purchasing a 
policy. For each customer_ID, you are given their quote history. In the training set you have the entire quote history, the last row of 
which contains the coverage options they purchased. In the test set, you have only a partial history of the quotes and do not have the 
purchased coverage options. These are truncated to certain lengths to simulate making predictions with less history (higher uncertainty) 
or more history (lower uncertainty).


Project 3:Predict the online sales of a consumer product based on a data set of product features.- Kaggle

The objective of the competition is to help us build as good a model as possible to predict monthly online sales of a product. Imagine 
the products are online  self-help programs following an initial advertising campaign.

Dataset to be used- The data in the comma separated values (CSV) format.  Each row in the data set represents a different consumer product. They contain the 
monthly sales for first 12 months after product is launched.


